


The following information is from the website: https://itransition.com/

 Services Industries Case studies Insights Company Contact us Services Industries Healthcare Retail Finance Insurance Software & hi-tech Automotive Telecommunications Case studies Insights Company Overview Approach Awards Partnership Careers News Contact us Services Services IT consulting Software engineering Application services Managed IT services DevOps Quality assurance & testing Maintenance & Support Smart teams Solutions Solutions ERP CRM Digital commerce Business process management Elearning HR management Portals Data analytics & BI Artificial intelligence Robotic process automation Cloud Cyber security AR & VR Internet of Things Technologies Technologies Salesforce NetSuite SAP Commerce Adobe Commerce (Magento) Odoo Atlassian AWS Azure Power BI
We’re a global software engineering company making success stories for over 25 years

Our services
 Application services Technology advisory Digital enterprise Data analytics Intelligent automation Managed IT services
Application services
 Our software development company delivers corporate and consumer applications based on our profound understanding of technologies and the markets they operate in. With our professional mindset, we look beyond technology to offer viable solutions for your particular business context. Application development
Application development
 We engineer digital solutions of any complexity, combining our multidisciplinary tech expertise with industry experience. Application security
Application security
 We ensure enterprise-grade application security through audit, testing, secure development practices, and training. Software product engineering
Software product engineering
 From MVP development to post-release support, we help our customers bring their products to market faster and with no pitfalls on the way. Enterprise app integration
Enterprise app integration
 We integrate enterprise systems to create interconnected ecosystems for seamless enterprise management. QA & testing
QA & testing
 We make application testing a part of the software delivery cycle as well as offering it as a standalone service.
800+ clients served
 $20bnworth investment portfolios managed worth investment portfolios managed A web-based investment portfolio management platform, TradeStops, serves 30,000+ North-American investors and features advanced risk management, intelligent alerts, and stock analytics.

 10xfaster pharmaceutical market analytics faster pharmaceutical market analytics 12+ years of cooperation on a cloud-based data management, visualization and analytics suite for a US pharmaceutical multinational with 500 million patient records in data assets. 20M+customers enjoying AI-powered shopping customers enjoying AI-powered shopping AI solutions for a global fashion retailer, including a predictive BI platform, a real-time recommendation engine, and a computer vision product recognition system, bring 8% higher conversions and cut infrastructure costs down by 50%. $50Ksaved annually with DevOps for The Economist saved annually with DevOps for The Economist Itransition’s DevOps team fixed performance of The Economist’s microsites and went on to oversee their cloud environment setup, maintenance & optimization, saving the publisher $50K annually on infrastructure management only.
Industries
 HealthcareWe develop and integrate regulation-compliant digital solutions that cover the entire care delivery continuum.Learn more
Healthcare
 We develop and integrate regulation-compliant digital solutions that cover the entire care delivery continuum. Learn more AutomotiveFrom in-vehicle technology to dealership platforms, we offer a range of solutions for all value chain participants.Learn more
Automotive
 From in-vehicle technology to dealership platforms, we offer a range of solutions for all value chain participants. Learn more FinanceOur solutions power all aspects of digital finance, analytics, and more, assuring against fraud and non-compliance.Learn more
Finance
 Our solutions power all aspects of digital finance, analytics, and more, assuring against fraud and non-compliance. Learn more RetailWe automate online and offline retail operations with technologies ready for your growth and market changes.Learn more
Retail
 We automate online and offline retail operations with technologies ready for your growth and market changes. Learn more TelecomWe create systems for managing network operability, assets, information infrastructures, customer relations, and more.Learn more
Telecom
 We create systems for managing network operability, assets, information infrastructures, customer relations, and more. Learn more Hi-techWe partner with technology companies to accelerate their RnD, software engineering, and release cycles.Learn more
Hi-tech
 We partner with technology companies to accelerate their RnD, software engineering, and release cycles. Learn more HealthcareWe develop and integrate regulation-compliant digital solutions that cover the entire care delivery continuum.Learn more
Healthcare
 We develop and integrate regulation-compliant digital solutions that cover the entire care delivery continuum. Learn more AutomotiveFrom in-vehicle technology to dealership platforms, we offer a range of solutions for all value chain participants.Learn more
Automotive
 From in-vehicle technology to dealership platforms, we offer a range of solutions for all value chain participants. Learn more FinanceOur solutions power all aspects of digital finance, analytics, and more, assuring against fraud and non-compliance.Learn more
Finance
 Our solutions power all aspects of digital finance, analytics, and more, assuring against fraud and non-compliance. Learn more RetailWe automate online and offline retail operations with technologies ready for your growth and market changes.Learn more
Retail
 We automate online and offline retail operations with technologies ready for your growth and market changes. Learn more TelecomWe create systems for managing network operability, assets, information infrastructures, customer relations, and more.Learn more
Telecom
 We create systems for managing network operability, assets, information infrastructures, customer relations, and more. Learn more Hi-techWe partner with technology companies to accelerate their RnD, software engineering, and release cycles.Learn more
Hi-tech
 We partner with technology companies to accelerate their RnD, software engineering, and release cycles. Learn more HealthcareWe develop and integrate regulation-compliant digital solutions that cover the entire care delivery continuum.Learn more
Healthcare
 We develop and integrate regulation-compliant digital solutions that cover the entire care delivery continuum. Learn more AutomotiveFrom in-vehicle technology to dealership platforms, we offer a range of solutions for all value chain participants.Learn more
Automotive
 From in-vehicle technology to dealership platforms, we offer a range of solutions for all value chain participants. Learn more FinanceOur solutions power all aspects of digital finance, analytics, and more, assuring against fraud and non-compliance.Learn more
Finance
 Our solutions power all aspects of digital finance, analytics, and more, assuring against fraud and non-compliance. Learn more RetailWe automate online and offline retail operations with technologies ready for your growth and market changes.Learn more
Retail
 We automate online and offline retail operations with technologies ready for your growth and market changes. Learn more TelecomWe create systems for managing network operability, assets, information infrastructures, customer relations, and more.Learn more
Telecom
 We create systems for managing network operability, assets, information infrastructures, customer relations, and more. Learn more Hi-techWe partner with technology companies to accelerate their RnD, software engineering, and release cycles.Learn more
Hi-tech
 We partner with technology companies to accelerate their RnD, software engineering, and release cycles. Learn more
Itransition at a glance
 1998  founded 3000+ engineers 800+ clients served
 5 R&D labs 50 clients of
5+ years 40 countries on our global delivery map InsightsBusiness intelligence in marketing:
end-to-end solution overviewLearn how business intelligence transforms marketing by exploring its common use cases, key integrations, benefits, adoption challenges, and best practices. Insights
Business intelligence in marketing:
end-to-end solution overview
 Learn how business intelligence transforms marketing by exploring its common use cases, key integrations, benefits, adoption challenges, and best practices. Case studyDedicated team for investment portfolio management ecosystemLearn how we developed a suite of investment portfolio management tools and custom algorithms now used by thousands of investors. Case study
Dedicated team for investment portfolio management ecosystem
 Learn how we developed a suite of investment portfolio management tools and custom algorithms now used by thousands of investors. Case studyA shoppable video platform for AiBUYFind out how Itransition’s dedicated team helped AiBUY release their innovative machine learning-driven shoppable video platform. Case study
A shoppable video platform for AiBUY
 Find out how Itransition’s dedicated team helped AiBUY release their innovative machine learning-driven shoppable video platform. Case studyA furniture manufacturing software suiteRead the story behind Itransition’s 5-year collaboration with a leading UK furniture manufacturer on web, mobile and VR solutions. Case study
A furniture manufacturing software suite
 Read the story behind Itransition’s 5-year collaboration with a leading UK furniture manufacturer on web, mobile and VR solutions. InsightsMACH architecture: components, benefits, and implementation tipsExplore the concept of MACH architecture, its advantages, pitfalls, examples of successful adoption, and implementation best practices. Insights
MACH architecture: components, benefits, and implementation tips
 Explore the concept of MACH architecture, its advantages, pitfalls, examples of successful adoption, and implementation best practices. InsightsCustom ERP: features, development
roadmap, costs & benefitsA comprehensive guide to custom ERP solutions to help companies make an informed decision and maximize the return on their technology investments. Insights
Custom ERP: features, development
roadmap, costs & benefits
 A comprehensive guide to custom ERP solutions to help companies make an informed decision and maximize the return on their technology investments. InsightsNeurology telemedicine:
a full solution overviewLearn about the architecture, features, integrations, and implementation of telestroke and neurology telehealth software and how it can elevate your practice. Insights
Neurology telemedicine:
a full solution overview
 Learn about the architecture, features, integrations, and implementation of telestroke and neurology telehealth software and how it can elevate your practice. Case studyBPM automation for UK care homesLearn how Itransition delivered a cloud-based healthcare business process management system for a UK care homes operator, driving 2x cost reduction. Case study
BPM automation for UK care homes
 Learn how Itransition delivered a cloud-based healthcare business process management system for a UK care homes operator, driving 2x cost reduction.
Contact us
 Sales and general inquires info@itransition.com Want to join Itransition? Explore careers
Contact us
 Full name E-mail Phone number Company How can we help you? Please be informed that when you click the Send button Itransition Group will process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy notice for the purpose of providing you with appropriate information. Privacy notice Attach file The total size of attachments should not exceed 10 MB. Allowed types: jpg jpeg png gif doc docx ppt pptx pdf txt rtf odt ods odg odp xls xlsx xlxs vcf vcard key rar zip 7z gz gzip tar Send Send 4.9/539 reviewsPowered by 4.9 39 reviews About Services Industries Case studies Insights 3900 S. Wadsworth Blvd., Suite 485, Lakewood, CO 80235 +1 720 207 2820 Sales inquiries 3rd floor, 5-8 Dysart St., London EC2A 2BX +44 203 687 2282 Sales inquiries View all locations → © 2024 Itransition Privacy notice Modern slavery statement Privacy notice to change your cookie preferences


The following information is from the website: https://intellectsoft.net/

 Privacy Policy i accept cookies Services 

Enterprise Software Development
Leverage our expertise in full life-cycle application design, integration, and management.
Read more

 Enterprise Software Development Leverage our expertise in full life-cycle application design, integration, and management. Read more
 

Mobile App Development
Go mobile-first with superior digital products, enabling seamless user experiences across all devices.
Read more

 Mobile App Development Go mobile-first with superior digital products, enabling seamless user experiences across all devices. Read more
 iOS Android Windows Hybrid 

Dedicated Development Team
Scale your delivery capacity and build products faster with the help of our top qualified engineers
Read more

 Dedicated Development Team Scale your delivery capacity and build products faster with the help of our top qualified engineers Read more
 
IT Consulting  
Digital Transformation  
UX / UI Design  
QA & Testing  
DevOps  All Services  Industries 

Intellectsoft brings the latest technologies to your vertical with our industry-specific solutions
 Intellectsoft brings the latest technologies to your vertical with our industry-specific solutions 
Construction 
 Travel & Hospitality Retail & E-Commerce 
Healthcare 
 
Dental 
 
Insurance 
 
FinTech 
 
Logistics & Automotive 
 Clients 

Trusted by world's leading brands and Fortune 500 companies
 Trusted by world's leading brands and Fortune 500 companies 
Our Сlients 
 
Case Studies 
 Company 

We help enterprises reimagine their business and achieve Digital Transformation more efficiently
 We help enterprises reimagine their business and achieve Digital Transformation more efficiently 
About 
 Blog News eBooks 
Team 
 
Careers 
 
Social Responsibility 
 
Contacts 
 
Custom Software Solution Development
 
Empower your business with bespoke digital solutions and enhancements from Intellectsoft
 
View Showcase



 
Learn More



 
Tailored Mobile App Development
 
Get an intuitive and visually pleasing custom mobile application for your employees or customers
 
View Showcase



 
Learn More



 
Solutions for Startups
 
Use our extensive expertise in creating prototypes, MVPs, PoCs, and other digital solutions for
startups to enable your business
 
View Showcase



 
Learn More



 
Dedicated Development Team
 
Our software development experts will be fully dedicated to working on your project and delivering
top-quality results so that you can focus on other crucial business goals and needs
 
View Showcase



 
Learn More



 
Enterprise Software Development
 
Enhance your enterprise products or processes with our 15+ years of experience in providing complex
software development, legacy modernization, API integration, and other services
 
View Showcase



 
Learn More



 
Bespoke Web Solutions Development
 
Transform your ideas into a solid business product with our bespoke web solutions and expertise in
Fintech, Healthcare, Construction, and other industries
 
View Showcase



 
Learn More



 27% (and growing) of Intellectsoft teammates are females Our employee retention rate in 2022 was 97% Engineering workforce in 21 countries on both sides of the Atlantic
The Software Development Company That Empowers Businesses
 Since 2007, Intellecsoft have been providing full-cycle, end-to-end software development services. We help
companies launch their projects, adopt advanced technologies, switch to digital-first strategies, and grow
their businesses. With 600+ custom software solutions delivered, Intellectsoft is trusted by startups, SMBs,
and Fortune 500 enterprises in North America, Europe, Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong, and beyond. We empower
our clients to deliver improved experiences to their customers and employees, gain competitive advantages and
enhance internal efficiency. Our comprehensive approach includes consulting, engineering, and support services. As a software solutions
provider, we deliver custom AI, Blockchain, IoT, mobile, and other solutions. Intellecsoft handles projects of
any type and difficulty. From simple mobile apps to cloud-based enterprise-level products. Reinforce your
business with the combination of our expertise, resources, intelligence in technology, and passion for
delivering innovative software solutions that make a difference.
Our Clients

Enterprises

Small & Medium Businesses

Startups
 Show More 


 
Looking for cost-effective and top-flight software development services, staff augmentation, or IT expert consultancy?
 
Become Our Client




Explore Our Offers to Launch Your Project Smoothly

Web Development
 We build functional and engaging web products for businesses in diverse industries. Our broad scope of technologies allows us to select the best-fit approach for your specific project. Our engineers create progressive web apps, AR-powered e-commerce stores, and more. 
Web Development Services
Web Application Development Services
 Web Development Services Web Application Development Services
Mobile App Development
 Intellectsoft provides custom mobile development application services. Increase your sales and clients’ loyalty with a stable, interactive, and high-performance mobile app. 
Mobile App Development Services
iOS App Development Services
 Mobile App Development Services iOS App Development Services 
Android App Development Services
Hybrid App Development Services
 Android App Development Services Hybrid App Development Services
MVP for Startups and Enterprises
 Our experienced managers, business analytics, developers, and designers help companies to validate their business ideas. Test your project with an MVP, collect feedback from your target audience, and launch a product-market fit solution. 
Software Development for Startups
 Software Development for Startups
Dedicated Development Teams
 Increase your time-to-market speed and save significant costs in the hiring process. Our pool of talents delivers fast and high-quality development services on demand. You can outsource entire projects or augment your existing team with our engineers. 
Dedicated Software Development Team
 Dedicated Software Development Team
Enterprise Software Development
 We provide API integration, enterprise software development, mobility, digital transformation services, and more. Optimize your data management and operational efficiency with our intelligent solutions. 
Enterprise Software Development Services
 Enterprise Software Development Services
IT Consulting
 Automate your operations and achieve business goals faster with a digital transformation approach Intellecsoft elaborates on strategic IT consulting to improve your software architecture and design performance-oriented tech innovations. 
IT Consulting Services
 IT Consulting Services
UI/UX Design
 Engage and retain your users with intuitive, captivating, and responsive design. We create user-centric interfaces to ensure improved customer experience. 
UI/UX Design Services
 UI/UX Design Services
QA & Testing
 Our company executes both manual and automated quality assurance to deliver flawless solutions. Adjusting the best practices and the latest technologies, our company provides efficient performance and high-quality project implementation. 
QA & Software Testing Services
 QA & Software Testing Services
Software Architecture Solutions
 Our tech leads design software architecture to enable the maintainability, interoperability, security, and stable performance of your product. 
Project & Software Architecture
 Project & Software Architecture
DevOps Solutions
 Automate and optimize your IT processes with our DevOps services. Secure your business with CI/CD implementation, high-load-ready systems, disaster recovery services, and other technical remedies. 
DevOps Services
 DevOps Services
Intelligent Software Solutions

Discovery Projects
 Do a deep dive into your potential project, align business and technology stakeholders, and get a clear
view on the resources and timeline needed to achieve its goals before investing in it.
PoC/MVP Services
 Prototype to “fail fast” or enrich and strengthen your concept, deliver a product version for collecting
feedback from early adopters, and prepare a foundation for a full-fledged roll-out.
Business Process Automation
 Automate routine and labor-intense operations across the value chain to improve overall performance, the
experience of internal users, and scale operations.
End-to-End System Integration
 Connect dots within existing systems and data landscape with APIs to unlock efficiency, eliminate siloed
data, shadow IT, and error-prone manual interventions.
Cloud Solutions
 Use our expertise in empowering businesses with trusted cloud solutions and get a scalable, flexible, and
connected enterprise environment.
AI/ML Solutions
 Empower your business with intelligent automation technologies and use our expertise in AI/ML to boost
your company’s efficiency, agility, and profitability.
Product Oriented Delivery (POD)
 Get a team with an optimal blend of skills capable of delivering your product or a component in optimal
time, working closely with your business, product, and tech leadership.
Master Data Management
 Establish a golden source of corporate data to avoid costly reconciliations, eliminate waste and
inconsistencies, and make your systems speak the same language.
Executive and Operational Dashboards
 Design secure dashboards with key business, financial and operational indicators, delivered instantly
with the ability to drill down to every single digit.
UI/UX Design
 Build a truly user-oriented digital product with an experienced team that uses clear and effective design
solutions.
Blockchain Development
 Utilize our custom blockchain solutions to improve your current infrastructure and achieve higher levels
of security, scalability, and transparency.
Internet of Things
 Let your business benefit from secure IoT solutions that will let you gather Big Data, optimize key processes, and improve decision-making. 
Reduce iOS development time & risks with 16+ years of expertise.
 TALK TO EXPERT

Our Software Agency’s Development Cycle

 
We are a custom software solution development provider, which means that our development cycle will also be tailored to your project and needs. You can order end-to-end full-cycle software development, or you can pick the services you need.

Multi-Industry Expertise for Different Business Domains
 
We are proficient in delivering software solutions to companies of different business verticals. Our background covers such industries as:
 

Fintech
 

Insurance
 

Healthcare & Biotech
 

Dental
 

Travel & Hospitality
 

eCommerce & Retail
 

Logistics & Transportation
 

Construction
 

Real Estate

Awards & Recognition
 

 


Reviews
 Intellectsoft’s communication is very efficient and clear. Intellectsoft’s work has streamlined internal processes, resulting in faster workflows, fewer bugs, and expenses reduction. They are outstanding at project management — they are collaborative, communicative, and proactive. Their team goes above and beyond in ensuring the project’s success. Archrival Michele Featherston, Director of Project Management  Lincoln, Washington 5.0 Everything was handled professionally. Thanks to Intellectsoft's skilled developers, the client was able to complete and deliver a well-designed solution on time. The team easily adapted to the in-house team's work style, allowing for a seamless collaboration. They also deeply understood the business and handled technical issues swiftly. EHOLD Group Eugene Ipatko, VP Dubai, United Arab Emirates 5.0 They’re solid and deliver on their promises. The number of power users, a KPI, increased by 15% during Intellecsoft's work. Families who use the app have liked their changes. Intellecsoft's team succeeds in their tasks because of their structured, communicative, and well-rounded team. GeoZilla Family Locator Yar Doroshenko, COO Palo Alto, California 5.0 They deliver very high-quality results. While the platform is still being tested, the results thus far have met the expectations of the internal team. Intellectsoft is committed to producing quality results, going above and beyond to ensure the customer receives a high level of support. The team is knowledgeable and hard-working. Deltager Frode Lervik, CEO Oslo, Norway 4.5 They are a professional, established company with an enterprise background and a core development team. The MVP has garnered praise from stakeholders for its functionality and look and feel. Intellectsoft provides top-notch resources that produce high-quality development and design work. Their insightful idea, quick response times, and scalability make them a valuable partner. Investment Evolution Sam Prasad, Director New York City, New York 5.0 They managed their team well and made sure we understood what was being worked on. Although not a local Swedish company, Intellectsoft built a great product and accommodated to project requirements. They took a sincere interest in the product and its purpose, engaging in a productive and proactive manner to optimize collaboration. Euro Accident Henrik Andersson, IT Project Manager Stockholm, Sweden 5.0 It felt like we had an in-house team of extremely motivated people. Their work expedited business growth, as the platform has received positive user feedback and garnered significant revenue. Intellectsoft's team showed initiative and impressive attention to detail. HelpCrunch Pavel Pavlenko, Co-Founder & COO Palo Alto, California 5.0 The efficiency was their greatest strength that we leveraged for this project. Valuing efficiency over quality, the client appreciated Intellectsoft's quick deliverables and affordable rates. Some artwork was standout quality while other pieces needed revision to meet expectations. Small Giant Games Tim Lonnqvist, Lead Designer Helsinki, Finland 4.0 They understood the requirements of the task quickly ...  Intellectsoft is complimented for bringing their development insight to the table, understanding the requirements quickly, and delivering an app on time/budget with a design that has satisfied all stakeholders. SE Ranking Julia Karnaukh, Head of Marketing Palo Alto, California 5.0 I'm really happy with them, and I'm ready to do more work with Intellectsoft. Intellectsoft's workflow, communication, and time management were highlights of the project. Communication was a key to success because the client is located in Latin America and the delivery team in Eastern Europe. Ztadium Studios Juan Emilio Yanes, Founder Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic 5.0 They were great at making sure that issues were followed up on; nothing fell through the cracks... The app delivered has received only positive feedback from users, this client found Intellectsoft extremely responsive throughout their project. Consero Group Julia Neumer, Director of Graphic Design Bethesda, Maryland 5.0 Intellectsoft has a robust team, providing experts in every field we required. Intellectsoft's project management, ability to act on feedback, and provide experts to address concerns, are all highlights of this client's partnership. Woodside Hotels Josh Hogan, VP San Francisco, California 5.0 Intellectsoft's attention to detail has been great. Our project coordinator, in particular, has been fabulous. The app has successfully launched, the client's investors are satisfied and are onboard with mapping several future versions to better address the marketplace. Liquid Studios Von Nkosi, Founder Atlanta, Georgia 5.0 [Intellectsoft] always finds time to look into new things for us and have demonstrated a real willingness to react quickly to change. Intellectsoft’s work on the app has resulted in increased efficiency in both communication and record keeping for Eurostar. Eurostar appreciates Intellectsoft’s project management, flexibility, and responsiveness. Eurostar James Hayward, Systems Manager London, United Kingdom 4.0

Our Case Studies 
 Cirruspath Cirruspath was behind the highest-rated app for integrating Salesforce with a user’s email inbox. Cirrus Insight Mobile helps you leverage your sales data to gain valuable insights and uncover new... Cirruspath was behind the highest-rated app for integrating Salesforce with a user’s email inbox. Cirrus Insight... view more Eurostar By offering innovative automated solutions, we've helped this high-speed railway leader significantly improve passenger information processing, enhance onboard amenities, and ensure timely... By offering innovative automated solutions, we've helped this high-speed railway leader significantly improve... view more Harley-Davidson We developed a mobile app for this iconic motorcycle brand that transforms fan engagement. The app enables exhibition staff to seamlessly capture information from prospective customers, enriching... We developed a mobile app for this iconic motorcycle brand that transforms fan engagement. The app enables exhibition... view more Ernst & Young Our application for E&Y elevates industry expertise to a new level of thought leadership. The 'Forecasts in Focus' app empowers users with insightful data, enabling more informed investment decisions... Our application for E&Y elevates industry expertise to a new level of thought leadership. The 'Forecasts in Focus' app... view more Guinness This marketing communications app prepared for Arthur Guinness Day vitalized the conversation between the beloved beverage brand and its admirers. This marketing communications app prepared for Arthur Guinness Day vitalized the conversation between the beloved... view more Jaguar Land Rover The JRL Talk solution is a multilingual mobile application that lets the company’s representative leap over language barriers in a matter of seconds, ensuring clear and productive conversations. The JRL Talk solution is a multilingual mobile application that lets the company’s representative leap over language... view more  Explore Our Success Stories 




WHY CHOOSE INTELLECTSOFT

 
When you choose Intellectsoft to empower the technical side of your business, you’ll get:  Technological competitive advantage Reduced time-to-market End-user satisfaction rate increase Efficiency and productivity boost Make customers notice you and be the differentiator from your competitors. As a
dedicated software solutions company, we will solve problems with any potentially outdated software, inefficient
processes, lack of digital presence, etc. Our mission is to help your business reach a new, exciting level!
Contact Us
 

Attach file  Privacy Policy 
Something went wrong. Send form again, please. 

Thank you for your response!

 
We have sent an email to  to acknowledge
receipt of your request. In the event that you have not received our email, we kindly
suggest checking your spam folder or alternatively, contacting us directly at info@intellectsoft.net
 info@intellectsoft.net 
Send again  What’s Next?

Our Latests News and Insights

 SEE ALL 



Our Offices
 We have offices and development centers across the globe. Reach out to us for software development services in your region. +1 (650) 233-6196 info@intellectsoft.net info@intellectsoft.net 500 Fashion Ave Fl 8A, New York, NY 10018 +44 20 3887 0078 info@intellectsoft.co.uk info@intellectsoft.co.uk 1 Poultry London, EC2R 8EJ, UK +47 21 08 18 50 info@intellectsoft.no info@intellectsoft.no Bogstadveien 27B, Oslo, 0355
F.A.Q.

How does your software development company ensure the quality of deliverables?
 
Our software development company is awarded with ISO 9001:2015 certificate. It is the international standard
specifying requirements for a quality management system (QMS). Intellectsoft demonstrates the ability to
consistently provide products and services that meet customer and regulatory requirements.
 ISO 9001:2015 certificate
How long does it take to develop a project?
 
It depends on the complexity of your project, technical requirements, and the scope of work. On average, we
deliver simple software development solutions within 2–3 months, basic projects within 3–6 months, and
complicated ones take us 9+ months. As a full-stack software provider, we have all the required tech
specialists to develop products fast.

How much do software development services cost?
 
The cost for each project depends on different factors. It includes rates of tech specialists, project
complexity, team size, time, and other criteria defining the total price. Talk to our
experts to estimate the work scope for your project and we will calculate the cost.
 Talk to our
experts
Can you describe your project management approach and how you ensure the timely delivery
of software solutions?
 
We are a full-cycle software development company sticking to the agile methodology approach. It allows us to
break the projects into milestones and sprints (usually, each sprint takes 1–2 or 3–4 weeks considering the
specifics of the project). For all projects, we elaborate on a step-by-step roadmap so our clients know
exactly the date of their product release. We consider all technical requirements of the project, estimate our
resources and organize the development process to deliver a product as fast as possible and without delays.

Request a Free Quote
 4.9 Our rating on Clutch 5 Our rating on Business of Apps
We have offices in:
 San Francisco Oslo New York London
Contact us Request a Free Quote
 Contact us Request a Free Quote 
Attach file  Privacy Policy Something went wrong. Send form again, please.
Thank you for your message!
 We will get in touch with you regarding your request within one business day. Send again Services Product Development Mobile Development Web Development Startup & MVP Solutions Enterprise Solutions Dedicated Teams IT Consulting UI/UX Design QA & Testing Solution Architecture DevOps Solutions Industries Fintech Insurance Healthcare & Biotech Dental Travel & Hospitality eCommerce & Retail Logistics & Transportation Construction Real Estate Company About Team Clients Case Study Blog News eBooks Careers Social Responsibility Contacts 
info@intellectsoft.net  +1 (650) 233-6196 +44 20 3887 0078 
More contacts
 Contacts 
info@intellectsoft.net  +1 (650) 233-6196 +44 20 3887 0078 
More contacts
 © 2024 Intellectsoft US Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 

 Get in touch All Technologies Services Dedicated Development Team Enterprise Software Development Mobile App Development Mobile Development Services iOS Android Windows Hybrid Platform Digital Transformation Services IT Consulting UX / UI Design DevOps QA & Testing All Services Industries Construction Travel & Hospitality Retail & E-Commerce Healthcare Dental Insurance FinTech Logistics & Automotive All Industries Clients Our Clients Case Studies Company About Blog News eBooks Team Careers Social Responsibility Contacts


The following information is from the website: https://itechcraft.com/

 


 AI Development 
AI Services
Design, LLM development, integration, AI security, AIOps, and more.
 AI Services Design, LLM development, integration, AI security, AIOps, and more. 
AI Consulting
Enhance your operations and omit pitfalls with prominent expertise. 
 AI Consulting Enhance your operations and omit pitfalls with prominent expertise.  
ChatGPT Development
Boost your business performance with ChatGPT implementation.
 ChatGPT Development Boost your business performance with ChatGPT implementation. 
ChatGPT Consulting
Automate your working processes with ChatGPT’s generative capabilities.
 ChatGPT Consulting Automate your working processes with ChatGPT’s generative capabilities. services 
Digital Transformation
Digital strategy transformation. Migration, scaling, and modernization.
 Digital Transformation Digital strategy transformation. Migration, scaling, and modernization. 
Project Rescue
Immediate response to a crisis situation.
 Project Rescue Immediate response to a crisis situation. 
App Modernization
Updating, restructuring and rebuilding software. Maintaining top performance.
 App Modernization Updating, restructuring and rebuilding software. Maintaining top performance. 
IT Consulting
Audit and assessment. Planning, delivery, and managed services.
 IT Consulting Audit and assessment. Planning, delivery, and managed services. 
Staff Augmentation
Power-up your product with our like-minded experts
 Staff Augmentation Power-up your product with our like-minded experts 
Web Development
Design, development, and testing. Updates, and optimization.
 Web Development Design, development, and testing. Updates, and optimization. 
Mobile App Development
Everything needed to reach specific mobile devices.
 Mobile App Development Everything needed to reach specific mobile devices. 
UI/UX Design
Impeccable design and logo creation. User path fine-tuning.
 UI/UX Design Impeccable design and logo creation. User path fine-tuning. 
DevOps Engineering
Pipeline automation. Infrastructure improvement. Data migration.
 DevOps Engineering Pipeline automation. Infrastructure improvement. Data migration. 
Custom Software Development
Goal-specific software. Balance between investments and results.
 Custom Software Development Goal-specific software. Balance between investments and results. 
Full-Cycle Development for Startups
Immediate start. Tech consulting and support. Post-launch guarantee. 
 Full-Cycle Development for Startups Immediate start. Tech consulting and support. Post-launch guarantee.  
Discovery Phase
Eliminated risks of irrelevant software and scope creep.
 Discovery Phase Eliminated risks of irrelevant software and scope creep. 
MVP Development
Laser-focused development.Agile approach for on-schedule delivery.
 MVP Development Laser-focused development.Agile approach for on-schedule delivery. 
Dedicated Team
Well-organized, efficient processes. Flexibility. Specific needs covered best.
 Dedicated Team Well-organized, efficient processes. Flexibility. Specific needs covered best. 
Startup Packages
Develop, launch, and scale your startup faster with proven experts
 Startup Packages Develop, launch, and scale your startup faster with proven experts Expertise 
HealthTech
Patient data release and management. Reimbursement apps. Telehealth. 
 HealthTech Patient data release and management. Reimbursement apps. Telehealth.  
Logistics Software Development
Warehouse, shipment, fleet management.
 Logistics Software Development Warehouse, shipment, fleet management. 
eLearning Software Development
eLearning MVP apps. Custom cloud portals. Internal on-premise systems.
 eLearning Software Development eLearning MVP apps. Custom cloud portals. Internal on-premise systems. 
Fantasy Sports & Gaming
Fantasy league apps. Fantasy football solutions. DFS websites.
 Fantasy Sports & Gaming Fantasy league apps. Fantasy football solutions. DFS websites. 
FinTech
Trading solutions. Crypto and fiat exchange apps. InsurTech.
 FinTech Trading solutions. Crypto and fiat exchange apps. InsurTech. 
Ecommerce
Ecommerce, mCommerce, and context-based apps.
 Ecommerce Ecommerce, mCommerce, and context-based apps. 
HR Software Development
Improve your recruitment and HR departments’ productivity.
 HR Software Development Improve your recruitment and HR departments’ productivity. 
On-Demand Apps
Custom design and features. Timely app delivery.
 On-Demand Apps Custom design and features. Timely app delivery. 
Indoor Navigation
Airports, railway stations. Campuses, hospitals, malls. Warehouses. 
 Indoor Navigation Airports, railway stations. Campuses, hospitals, malls. Warehouses.  
iBeacon App Development
Wayfinding. Inventory and asset tracking. Context-based marketing.
 iBeacon App Development Wayfinding. Inventory and asset tracking. Context-based marketing. 
Trading Software Development
Custom trading platforms. Automation solutions. Analytics systems.
 Trading Software Development Custom trading platforms. Automation solutions. Analytics systems. 
AR and VR Apps
Mind-boggling AR and VR experiences for commerce and entertainment.
 AR and VR Apps Mind-boggling AR and VR experiences for commerce and entertainment. 
Social Networks
Developing top-notch social media, platforms, and networks.
 Social Networks Developing top-notch social media, platforms, and networks. technologies 
Angular
Fast, flexible, scalable Web apps are possible with ‘batteries-included’ approach.
 Angular Fast, flexible, scalable Web apps are possible with ‘batteries-included’ approach. 
React.JS
React.js makes it possible to create UIs fast and with minimum side effects.
 React.JS React.js makes it possible to create UIs fast and with minimum side effects. 
.NET
Open-source framework is suited for cloud, mobile, enterprise apps, and beyond.
 .NET Open-source framework is suited for cloud, mobile, enterprise apps, and beyond. 
Vue.JS
Friendly, scalable, and flexible. Vue.js offers many ways for project structuring.
 Vue.JS Friendly, scalable, and flexible. Vue.js offers many ways for project structuring. 
Node.JS
Flexible technology for high-performance back end. Top choice for many companies.
 Node.JS Flexible technology for high-performance back end. Top choice for many companies. 
PHP
Backbone of the modern back end. Flexible, open-source instrument.
 PHP Backbone of the modern back end. Flexible, open-source instrument. 
React Native
Create a mobile app reusing existing source code and retaining your dev team.
 React Native Create a mobile app reusing existing source code and retaining your dev team. 
iOS App Development
Design and development of any complexity. Maintenance and consulting.
 iOS App Development Design and development of any complexity. Maintenance and consulting. 
Android App Development
Development from scratch, expansion, or rescue mission for your Android project.
 Android App Development Development from scratch, expansion, or rescue mission for your Android project. 
Cross-Platform Development
Addressing several platforms with the same codebase.
 Cross-Platform Development Addressing several platforms with the same codebase. 
WordPress
Full-cycle WordPress development services.
 WordPress Full-cycle WordPress development services. 
DevOps Packages
Full-fledged devops services saving you time, money and effort.
 DevOps Packages Full-fledged devops services saving you time, money and effort. portfolio company 
About Us
Promises kept, products delivered: for you, our customers.
 About Us Promises kept, products delivered: for you, our customers. 
Career
Find a role matching perfectly your talents.
 Career Find a role matching perfectly your talents. 
How We Work
Our unique approach, tailored workflows and engagements models.
 How We Work Our unique approach, tailored workflows and engagements models. 
Testimonials & Awards
Explore our client's feedback, recognitions and certifications.
 Testimonials & Awards Explore our client's feedback, recognitions and certifications. insights 
Blog
Check latest updates and insights, trends and stories.
 Blog Check latest updates and insights, trends and stories. 
FAQs
Common questions about software development at IT Craft.
 FAQs Common questions about software development at IT Craft. 
News
Find out more about our hottest news and achievements.
 News Find out more about our hottest news and achievements. 
Resources
Our packaged solutions, mobile app calculator, and eBooks.
 Resources Our packaged solutions, mobile app calculator, and eBooks. contact us 

 

 

 

 

 


Outsourcing software development services

Idea Stage: From Vision to MVP & First Investments
 Transforming niche ideas into MVPs, we design pitch decks, structure processes, streamline budgets, and integrate outsourcing services for strong investments and robust development. Discovery Phase UI/UX Design MVP Development  For Startups
Early Stage: From Product-Market Fit to Expanding Success
 Specializing in software development outsourcing, IT Craft refines MVPs, optimizes revenue models, ensures user acquisition, and fosters tailored growth strategies. DevOps Project Rescue Staff Augmentation For Startups
Growth Stage: From Niche Expertise to Scalable Expansion
 We offer unique tech expertise and software development outsourcing for workload balancing, enabling product expansion, scalable growth, and consistent quality assurance. DevOps IT Consulting Staff Augmentation Custom Soft Dev
SMB and Enterprise: Evolution with Sustainable Growth
 We guide SMBs and enterprises in unlocking and enhancing revenue streams, crafting robust growth solutions via strategic software development outsourcing. Mobile Development  Dedicated Team Web Development  Digital Transformation
Boost Your Business with Tailored AI Solutions
 Companies using AI can achieve a 40% productivity boost. Join the AI revolution: optimize decision-making, automate processes, fortify security, and convert saved time into your business growth. ChatGPT Development  AI Services AI Consulting ChatGPT Consulting
Our Clients' Success Stories
 Stories 


99coaches

Martin Berg, Co-Founder
 “All in all, I have to say the Agile approach of IT Craft to develop the app is just meeting our needs perfectly to scale the product in just the best possible way.” 


eLaundry

Charles Sakkal, Founder
 “The whole team is much dedicated to the work which is something you can’t get at a lot of other software companies. There is a 100% transparency in the company which I love because I like to always know what’s going on.” 


MyCarrier

Chris Scheid, Founder
 “I highly recommend IT Craft. They’ve been great to work with, they have strong capability, and they’ve really met all our expectations.” 


Omni

Jan Goetgeluk, Founder and CEO
 “It’s been a great relationship. We started working with them in a very time-sensitive period. We needed to get software ready for Omni Arena which we were introducing just six months later. And we got it done!” 


MDVisitonline

Paul Hodge, Co-Founder
 “The MDVISIT product team has worked with many outsourced development teams over the years. IT Craft have been the most professional and the most effective outsourced team that we worked with. ” 


Shimano Global app

Dmitry Kharchenko, Co-founder

Case studies
 


Web-Based Shipments Management System
 MyCarrier platform connects carriers and their customers via a transparent, automated, and user-friendly process. 6 years+ Product  operates $36.8M Fundings  raised 25 Team  members Results Read more  Feedback 


Online Store for a Major Photography Equipment Retailer
 Adorama is a major retailer using a custom-built eCommerce platform for its six businesses. 43% Of budgetsaved $500M+ Annual recurringrevenue 54 Members atpeak Results Read more 


Cloud Transformation and Optimization for Marketing Automation Platform
 Software infrastructure required enhancements for a successful expansion and improved project control. 30% Customergrowth Up to 50% Decreased scalingcosts 85% Faster incidentmanagement Results Read more
Solutions We Provide
 From the seed of an idea to enterprise-level execution, we’re your full-cycle solution partner. Whether you seek specialized tech experts or a comprehensive custom solution, we cover your needs with relevant outsourcing software development services. 

Staff Augmentation
 Staff Augmentation 

DevOps Engineering
 DevOps Engineering 

Full-cycle Development for Startups
Development for Startups
 Full-cycle Development for Startups Development for Startups 

Web Development
 Web Development 

Mobile App Development
 Mobile App Development 

Custom Software Development
Custom Software Dev
 Custom Software Development Custom Software Dev 

MVP Development
 MVP Development 

Discovery Phase
 Discovery Phase 

UI/UX Design
 UI/UX Design 

AI Services
 AI Services 

AI Consulting
 AI Consulting 

ChatGPT Development 
 ChatGPT Development  

App Modernization
 App Modernization 

Project Rescue
 Project Rescue 

Dedicated Team
 Dedicated Team 




















Need to Navigate Hurdles in Your Growth Journey?
Partner with us for transparent solutions, proactive insights, and perennial expertise in software development outsourcing services.
Contact Us 












































































 

 

 


Need to Navigate Hurdles in Your Growth Journey?
 Partner with us for transparent solutions, proactive insights, and perennial expertise in software development outsourcing services. Contact Us 
Why Choose IT Craft For Custom Software Development Outsourcing
 Software Development Outsourcing Established in 2001, IT Craft has grown from two tech enthusiasts working on website development and maintenance to a powerhouse of 330+ specialists covering all tech aspects of custom software development outsourcing. A 6-year avg. сooperation time: from birthing startups to boosting enterprises, our software development outsourcing company drives pivotal success with a proactive approach. IT Craft’s all-encompassing services can help you in your specific situation, including new product development, rescue and consulting, staff augmentation and team scaling, software optimization and expansion, and beyond. Your IT Craft dedicated team emphasizes immediate project start and transparent communication, knowing both are crucial for timely software deliveries. 20+ Years in business $100M+ Funding Raised 90% Startups Afloat 300+ Startups Launched +1 469 730 0216 +49 302 178 8740 +372 5943 5078 +38 057 782 01 19
Our Partners and clients
 clients
We’ve collaborated with startups and enterprises, driving growth together.
 Beyond merely executing, our software development outsourcing company is deeply committed to your project’s success. As an outsourced software development team, we go the extra mile with unmatched tech solutions and expert hiring to ensure the highest quality and innovation in every project we undertake. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


Custom Software  Development Outsourcing Process
  Development Outsourcing Process Initial Call: We begin by lending an ear and understanding your vision, requirements, and the challenges you want to address. Solution Discussion: Delving deeper, we collaboratively brainstorm to capture every nuance with the right outsourcing software development services and align on the best solution tailored to your needs. Kickstarting the Work: With clarity achieved and a roadmap in place, our outsourced software development team swings into action, turning your vision into reality. Schedule A Call 
Technologies Used by Our Software Development Outsourcing Company
 Software Development Outsourcing Company

Web development

 Web development

Mobile development

 Mobile development

DevOps

 DevOps

Design

 Design

QA

 QA
Laravel

Node.js

Angular

Vue

React. JS

C#

Yii

HTML5

JavaScript

CSS3

Java

Symfony

.NET Core

Python

PHP

Java

Objective-C

Flutter

Kotlin

Swift

React Native

Kubernetes

Docker

Terraform

Google Cloud Platfrom

Microsoft Azure

AWS

Chef

Puppet

Ansible

Bamboo

TeamCity

Github Actions

GitlabCI

Jenkins

Zeplin

Figma

Adobe XD

Sketch

Balsamiq

InVision

SoapUI

Selenium

Apache JMeter

SpecFlow

nUnit

Postman

Why Do You Need Software Development Outsourcing Services?
 Development Outsourcing Services?
Access to Specialized Expertise
 Custom software development outsourcing services connect you with specialized skills available in-house or through global talent.
Enhanced  Flexibility
 Outsourcing allows scaling your team up or down as needed, providing agility in project management.
Focus on Core  Business
 Free internal resources to focus on strategic initiatives that drive business growth.
Cost  Efficiency
 Reduce operational costs by paying only for the software development outsourcing services you need when you need them.
Innovative  Solutions
 Benefit from the diverse perspectives and innovative approaches that outsourced teams bring to the table.
Time-Saving
 Software development outsourcing services can significantly reduce the time to market for new products or features by leveraging dedicated teams focused solely on your project. 



Facing Challenges in Your Business Growth?
Reach out for transparent strategies, forward-thinking insights, and dedicated software development outsourcing services.
Connect with Our Experts 







Facing Challenges in Your Business Growth?
 Your Business Growth? Reach out for transparent strategies, forward-thinking insights, and dedicated software development outsourcing services. Connect with Our Experts 
Awards and certifications
 Awards Project Management Software Development Quality Assurance
Benefits of Outsourcing vs. In-House Team 
 Benefits
Efficient  Processes
 By hiring a reliable outsourced software development company, you benefit from an established development process without spending much time on management.
Improved  Scaling
 We add more team members to scale efficiently and meet your growing business needs. You do not spend extra recruitment, onboarding, and overhead costs.
Access to Talent  Pool
 You can find experts in cloud transition, infrastructure optimization, and AI integrations needed to drive innovative software.
Productivity  Boost
 According to Deloitte, the top three areas of focus for tech executives are efficiency (25%), innovation/productivity (21%), and growth (19%).
FAQ
 FAQ
What is your approach to quality assurance and testing?
 Quality assurance and testing is an important part of our Agile development processes. QA engineers participate in Sprint planning. They test the source code when a feature is ready, check improvements, help establish the CI/CD pipeline, and more.
Do you have dedicated QA engineers on your team?
 Yes, we add one or several dedicated QA engineers to your project based on the scope of the software development outsourcing services provided. The QA engineers work alongside the development team throughout the entire development cycle, from requirements to live testing.
What measures do you take to prevent data breaches or unauthorized access?
 Our software development outsourcing company takes data security seriously and introduces all possible measures to protect your project. Among other activities, we use enhanced data encryption, constant infrastructure monitoring, and flexible management of credentials to provide only assigned data engineers with access to the project codebase.
What happens if there are delays or changes to the project scope?
 If delays or changes occur, we assess them with you and adjust the scope/nature of provided software development outsourcing services to help you stay on track with your plans.
Can you provide a detailed estimate or proposal for my project?
 Of course. Here is what we do to estimate the required outsourcing software development services and prepare a proposal:
What kind of support do you offer after the software is deployed?
 We provide 1-3 months of post-launch guarantee support when IT Craft’s outsourced software development team fixes bugs in the produced source code at no cost. Also, we can provide managed services when a dedicated DevOps team works on application performance monitoring, infrastructure optimization, server updates, and more on an SLA basis.
Industry expertise

HealthTech

HealthTech
 Simplify access to quality treatment and secure management of sensitive data with our outsourcing software development services. learn more
Logistics

Logistics
 Ensure accurate fulfillment and decrease operational costs through constant automation and optimization.  learn more
Fantasy Sports & Gaming

Fantasy Sports & Gaming
 Build a solution that combines a fantasy game and real-world statistics into a mind-blowing experience. learn more
FinTech

FinTech
 Custom software development outsourcing at IT Craft enables you to provide users with innovative, disruptive tools for instant access to payments, savings, and investments. Be ahead of the pack. learn more
E-Commerce

E-Commerce
 Enable users to progress at their own pace by using your app, developed through our software development outsourcing services, for learning and practicing in their free time. learn more
Education

Education
 Let users progress at their own pace using your app for learning and practicing when they have some free time. learn more
our latest insights
 
Mobile Development
 Mobile Development 
Cost to Develop on-Demand Application [Features and Estimates Inside]

Cost to Develop on-Demand Application [Features and Estimates Inside]
 Costs to develop an on-demand delivery app in 2024: $133,500 and $186,000. More about on-demand delivery app costs, trends, and …
 Costs to develop an on-demand delivery app in 2024: $133,500 and $186,000. More about on-demand delivery app costs, trends, and … By Anthony Suddia Anthony Suddia May 29, 2024 
AI Development
 AI Development 
AI in FinTech: Here Is How It Empowers Next-Gen Solutions [2024 Guide]

AI in FinTech: Here Is How It Empowers Next-Gen Solutions [2024 Guide]
 Explore the opportunities of artificial intelligence in FinTech. We discuss market trends, challenges, and top examples of AI in FinTech …
 Explore the opportunities of artificial intelligence in FinTech. We discuss market trends, challenges, and top examples of AI in FinTech … By Anthony Suddia Anthony Suddia May 22, 2024 
Software Development
 Software Development 
Insights into Outsourcing Software Development in 2024: a Vendor’s Perspective

Insights into Outsourcing Software Development in 2024: a Vendor’s Perspective
 A short guide to outsourcing software development: insights, benefits, myths, and key points to consider.
 A short guide to outsourcing software development: insights, benefits, myths, and key points to consider. By Anthony Suddia Anthony Suddia May 16, 2024 View more blogs
Get a free quote right now
 Your email has been sent. We will get in touch with you soon. We are sorry. Your email has not been sent. Please email us directly. Please fill in this field. Please fill in this field. Please type a valid email address. Please fill in this field. Please type a valid phone number. Please fill in this field.  Data Protection rules These fields are required. By submitting your email, you accept Terms and Conditions. We may
                        send you occasionally marketing emails. You can unsubscribe here.
                      here
Our clients  say
 eLaundry
Charles Sakkal, Founder
 “IT Craft is honest and straightforward. They’re a good partner to work
                              with.”
                            Spidel Tech Solutions
Bruce Spidel, Owner
 “They’re great at communicating about technical concepts.” Flexwise
Adam Orsi, VP of Development
 “They have great project management skills and there haven't been any
                              problems with onboarding.”
                            

 Email [email protected] [email protected] Phone +1 469 730 0216 +49 302 178 8740 +372 5943 5078 

 

 

 

 

 We offer Engineering Web Development Mobile Development UI/UX Design Devops Engineering Customer Software Development Solutions Digital Transformation Project Rescue App Modernization IT Consulting  For startups Full-cycle Development for Startups Discovery Phase MVP Development Dedicated Team Technologies React Native Angular ReactJS .NET iOS app development Android app development Cross-platform development Industries HealthTech Logistics Software Development eLearning Software Development Fantasy Sports & Gaming FinTech Ecommerce Competence On-Demand Apps Indoor Navigation iBeacon App Development Trading Software Development AR and VR Apps Company Portfolio Company About Us Career Insights FAQs Blog Contact Us  © 2001-2024 IT Craft. All rights reserved. 


 

 Terms and Conditions Imprint Data protection Cookie policy Sitemap Manage consent 
Go back
 Go back
Want to know how to save time & budget looking for the right team?
 looking for the right team? Learn how to save up to 50% of experts costs. Get our step-by-step guide to finding, assessing, and hiring desired team. Please fill in this field. Please type a valid email address. Please fill in this field. Please type a valid email address. By Submitting Your Email, You Accept Terms And Conditions. We May Send You Occasionally Marketing Emails. You Can Unsubscribe Here. Here
thanks for your submission!
 Get The Ebook


The following information is from the website: https://gloriumtech.com/

     Services Services SERVICES Custom Software DevelopmentCreate a solution for your business needs Create a solution for your business needs Web DevelopmentBuild a website to reach your objectives Build a website to reach your objectives Mobile App DevelopmentMake a smart solution for smartphones Make a smart solution for smartphones Product DesignCrafting the best design for your end-users Crafting the best design for your end-users Quality AssuranceTesting to ensure bug-free software production Testing to ensure bug-free software production Software Compliance & CertificationSoftware compliance with all regulations Software compliance with all regulations Growth as a ServiceBuild your digital brand with our help Build your digital brand with our help Marketing for StartupsGrowth Hacking Strategies Growth Hacking Strategies SOLUTIONS For StartupsDelivering software for Startups and SMEs Delivering software for Startups and SMEs For EnterprisesComplex systems for big companies Complex systems for big companies AI Development Services AI that grows your business  AI that grows your business Expertise Expertise HEALTHCARE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT DicomMedical imaging standard compliance Medical imaging standard compliance HL7 & FHIRFollowing the healthcare standards  Following the healthcare standards  Hospital ManagementSoftware to run your medical facility efficiently Software to run your medical facility efficiently Telehealth and TelemedicineTools for long-distance diagnostics Tools for long-distance diagnostics Pharmacy ManagementSoftware to keep track of medication supply Software to keep track of medication supply HIEHealth Information Exchange simplified Health Information Exchange simplified Electronic Health RecordTools to keep track of patient-related data Tools to keep track of patient-related data Medical BillingSimplify the process of charging the patent Simplify the process of charging the patent Medical ImagingSoftware to store and transfer medical images Software to store and transfer medical images Patient PortalsUX-friendly software for medical practice UX-friendly software for medical practice REAL ESTATE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT IDX systemMLS property search software MLS property search software Property ManagementSoftware to get full control over your real estate Software to get full control over your real estate ERP systemEnterprise-sized projects at real estate sector Enterprise-sized projects at real estate sector Developers Developers HIRE TOP DEVELOPERS Backend developersServer-side experts at your service Server-side experts at your service Frontend developersWeb apps building professionals Web apps building professionals Mobile developersBuild an app of the future Build an app of the future Desktop apps developersHire skilled desktop app professionals Hire skilled desktop app professionals DevOps specialistsVetted DevOps professionals for you Vetted DevOps professionals for you Cloud developersCovering cloud computing for you Covering cloud computing for you Database developersData professionals with extensive expertise Data professionals with extensive expertise TEAM EXTENSION Staff AugmentationThe best tech experts on the market The best tech experts on the market Dedicated Development TeamA group of tech pros focused on your project A group of tech pros focused on your project Tech OutstaffingClose your tech needs with our help Close your tech needs with our help Pricing Pricing Outsource Project Cost Outsource Project Cost Outstaff Team Cost Outstaff Team Cost Insights Insights EBOOKS 7 Digital Technologies for Real EstateHow modern solutions a change the landscape How modern solutions a change the landscape 16 Tech Trends for Business GrowthDive deep into tech with your data Dive deep into tech with your data Five Reasons Why Outsourcing FailsCommon mistake startup owners commit Common mistake startup owners commit The Startup Growth PlaybookExploring statups' growth Exploring statups' growth VIRTUAL SUMMITS Nonprofit Healthcare Summit 2024Scaling Nonprofit Healthcare Startups Scaling Nonprofit Healthcare Startups Startup CTO Summit 2024From Code to Culture: The CTO’s Journey From Code to Culture: The CTO’s Journey Digital Transformation in Real EstateHow technology is changing Real Estate How technology is changing Real Estate How AI is Transforming HealthcareUse cases, workflows and challenges Use cases, workflows and challenges BlogExperts sharing their insights Experts sharing their insights NewsGlorium's news, awards & achievements Glorium's news, awards & achievements Our podcastHear industry experts' insights and updates Hear industry experts' insights and updates CTO TalksInsights from C-level tech executives Insights from C-level tech executives Company Company About usWho are Glorium Technologies Who are Glorium Technologies Leadership teamPeople who help your ideas grow People who help your ideas grow CareerGrow with us! Grow with us! Case studiesOur professional experience Our professional experience PricingThe cost of your project The cost of your project TestimonialsWhat clients say about us What clients say about us AwardsOur achievement Our achievement Glorium in the MediaExpert articles, interviews and more Expert articles, interviews and more Social ResponsibilityHow we care about the world around us How we care about the world around us Get in touch Get in touch
Software Product Development Company
 Products Contact us
Are you facing these challenges?
 Healthcare  Real Estate
Our expertise
 Read more Read more
Why successful companies choose us

Estimate cost of development
 Get your calculation smart developers
Our clients say about us
 More about the case study > Read full review > More about the case study > Read full review > More about the case study > Read full review >
Some clients' journeys
 View more 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Who we are
 Learn more Glorium Technologies is a full-cycle app & software development company which covers specific client business needs and manage them with the help of the best possible technology solutions. Since 2010, we have been inventing digital breakthroughs, helping startups and businesses come out on top in their markets.
Why choose us

Awards & recognitions
 More achievements
Inc. 5000
 Named among the Inc.5000 (2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024) & Regionals (2021, 2022, 2024) fastest-growing private companies in America
Certifications
 We in the media
Our insights
 Glorium Technologies Named Among Clutch’s 2024 Spring Global Leaders
 Glorium Technologies Recognized as a High Performer by G2
 Glorium Technologies Celebrates Receiving “Clients Love Us” Badge From G2
 Glorium Technologies Will Participate in the Handshake Event
 Glorium Technologies Showcases Expertise at Vitalis 2024
 Glorium Technologies Will Participate in Vitalis 2024
 Glorium Technologies Showcases Expertise at DMEA 2024
 Glorium Technologies Celebrates Winning UpCity Excellence Award 2024
 Glorium Technologies is Named as One of the Most-Reviewed Software Developers in Philadelphia by Manifest
 Let's connect! Send us a message, and we'll promptly discuss your project with you. I agree with terms & conditions. I agree with terms & conditions. I agree with terms & conditions. I agree with terms & conditions. I agree with terms & conditions. terms & conditions Send me NDA Send me NDA Send me NDA Send me NDA Send me NDA 



		

 What’s next? We start by signing an NDA to ensure your ideas are protected. Then, our team will analyze your requirements. You get a detailed project outline. We bring your project to life, so you can focus on growing your business.
What is software product development?
 Software product development refers to the process of creating a software product that can be sold or distributed to end-users. This involves a range of activities, from identifying customer needs and designing the user experience, to building and testing the software, and launching it in the market.
What is a software product development company?
 A software development company is a business that specializes in creating software products, either for internal use or for sale to external customers. At Glorium Technologies, we specialize in custom product software development that is tailored to meet the unique needs of our clients and their target markets.
What software product development services does Glorium Technologies offer?
 Glorium Technologies offers a range of product software development, including custom software development, web development, mobile app development, product design, quality assurance, software compliance and certification services. For startups, we provide Growth as a Service and comprehensive digital marketing services. web development mobile app development product design quality assurance software compliance startups Growth as a Service digital marketing services
What software product development industries does Glorium Technologies specialize in?
 Glorium Technologies has experience working with clients in a variety of industries, including healthcare, real estate, education, telecom and more. While we have extensive experience in these areas, we are always open to discussing projects in any industry and are confident in our ability to deliver top-quality results regardless of the field. healthcare real estate education telecom
Does Glorium Technologies work with startups?
 Yes, Glorium Technologies has worked with many startups and is experienced in helping new businesses develop their software and IT infrastructure. Our custom software development solutions are perfect for startups looking to meet their unique business needs, as we provide consultations and guide our customers through all stages of the software development lifecycle. custom software development software development lifecycle
What software product development technologies does Glorium Technologies use?
 Glorium Technologies uses over 70 frameworks and product software development technologies, including but not limited to: Java, Python, Ruby on Rails, React, Vue.JS, MySQL, Postgres, MS SQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Kotlin, Swift, Objective-C, Xamarin, React Native, QT, WPF, Unity, .Net, NodeJS, PHP, Angular, Bootstrap, TypeScript, Progressive Web Apps, as well as cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud. Java Python Ruby on Rails React Vue.JS MySQL Postgres MS SQL Oracle MongoDB Kotlin Swift Objective-C Xamarin React Native QT WPF Unity .Net NodeJS PHP Angular Bootstrap TypeScript Progressive Web Apps AWS Azure Google Cloud
Can Glorium Technologies provide dedicated development teams for software development?
 Yes, Glorium Technologies can provide dedicated development teams for long-term software product development or ongoing product needs. This option is ideal for long-term cooperation, temporary in-house team expansion, closing new tech gaps, and getting extra domain expertise. dedicated development teams software product development in-house team
How does Glorium Technologies ensure the security of its clients' data?
 Glorium Technologies takes the security of its clients’ data seriously. We follow industry-standard security practices, employ cybersecurity experts, and hold certifications in information security, quality management, medical device production, and compliance with GDPR and HIPAA regulations. quality management medical device production HIPAA
How can I get started with Glorium Technologies's software development services?
 You can fill out the contact form on our website. We look forward to discussing your project! contact form Healthcare Real estate Hire developers  Software engineering Product design Quality assurance Project management Software compliance & certification Growth as a service Glorium marketing agency For startups For enterprises AI development Services Blog Ebooks CTO talks Virtual summits About us Social responsibility Case studies Leadership team Awards Pricing Testimonials Press inquiries Career Hire backend developers Hire frontend developers Hire mobile developers Hire desktop developers Hire devops developers Hire cloud developers Hire databases developers Staff augmentation Dedicated development team Tech outstaffing AI software development Web app development AI consulting © 2010-2024 Glorium Technologies. All Rights Reserved  compliant development and infrastructure Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Use